Mainly sensory gating and integration/segregation patterns in the visual system. Primary correlations involve visual systems being anticorrelated with "competing" systems, including FP, MF, and Mot. Largest 3-way interaction is a strongly negative VI-VAs-VAs, so when the VI has high BOLD signal, VAs is low variance. A VAs with a lot of variability seems to be suppressing VI, showing the hierarchical nature of the visual system. 

Next 3-way interaction shows a highly left-skewed VI BOLD pattern, so the dips in VI activation are sudden, rare, and strong. This indicates a "burstiness" of the system, where most of the time the VAs has low variance and VI is in an active state, and rarely VI drops out completely due to the VAs starting a high-variance cycle. The VAs, in contrast, is typically in a low activation state but has large sudden bursts of activity. Since VI and VAs are positively correlated, it seems like burst activations of VAs co-occur with the standard functioning of VI, and burst deactivations of VI co-occur with standard VAs functioning. This supports the idea that VAs suppresses VI activity during normal functioning of the task. Note that this pattern would not be detectable when only looking at average co-activity of VI and VAs (which is positive). 

However, there appear to be controlling modulations of visual system activity patterns. DMN has a left-skewed shape, indicating rare, strong deactivations. These do not seem to correlate with the VI pattern though, since the barycenter DMN-VI correlation is very slightly negative. However, DMN does seem to be responsible for increased coactivation between VI and VAs; when DMN deactivates, the correlation between VI and VAs drops sharply. This pattern also holds for FP: when FP is active, there is a strong covariance between VI and VAs activity. 

When looking at the unique triads, the Motor network also seems to be responsible for some of the visual system's correlated activity. Mot - VI - VAs has a strong positive loading, so when Mot is more active (possibly during periods of saccades) the correlation between VI and VAs strongly increases, indicating bursts in coordinated activity across the visual system, breaking down the suppression between VI and VAs.  